osa0/readme.md, before:

# Exercise 0.4

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant browser
    participant server

    browser->>server: POST https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/new_note
    activate server
    server->>server: Processing POST Data
    server->>browser: HTTP Redirect Response /exampleapp/notes
    deactivate server
    
    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/notes
    activate server
    server-->>browser: HTML document
    deactivate server
    
    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/main.css
    activate server
    server-->>browser: the css file
    deactivate server
    
    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/main.js
    activate server
    server-->>browser: the JavaScript file
    deactivate server

    browser-->browser: Executing JavaScript code that fetches the JSON from the server   
    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/data.json
    activate server
    server-->>browser: [{ "content": "", "date": "2023-09-21T15:40:58.922Z" }, ... ]
    deactivate server    

    Note right of browser: The browser executes the callback function that renders the notes 



```

Commit message:

added note that server will store the posted data

osa0/readme.md, after:

# Exercise 0.4

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant browser
    participant server

    browser->>server: POST https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/new_note
    activate server
    server->>server: Processing POST Data and saving the new note
    server->>browser: HTTP Redirect Response /exampleapp/notes
    deactivate server
    
    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/notes
    activate server
    server-->>browser: HTML document
    deactivate server
    
    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/main.css
    activate server
    server-->>browser: the css file
    deactivate server
    
    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/main.js
    activate server
    server-->>browser: the JavaScript file
    deactivate server

    browser-->browser: Executing JavaScript code that fetches the JSON from the server   
    browser->>server: GET https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/data.json
    activate server
    server-->>browser: [{ "content": "", "date": "2023-09-21T15:40:58.922Z" }, ... ]
    deactivate server    

    Note right of browser: The browser executes the callback function that renders the notes 



```
